friends thank you for continuing
with his reunion program the savior
you consider that you really know your
country because one of our objectives is
that you know detail to detail everything
the savior that's why today we will take you
super program from hai since in the
department of freedom we will know
the purity wild refuge where you
You will know different species of
tiger lions and much more to say with
us in our reunion section
with tourism
the facilities of the foundation
Wild refuge purity covers in a
space of 220 acres of land
mountainous areas in which
take advantage of the beautiful natural environment
for the welfare of the animals and the
comfort of tourists who live their
experience accompanied by guides who
provide information on each of the
species throughout the tour in
this wild refuge Salvadorans
and Salvadorans have the opportunity to
appreciate closely animal species of
extreme beauty that are in danger of
extinction since they keep sheltered
63 copies corresponding to 11
types of species such as jaguars
leopards african lions cougars tigers
of bengala macaws among others
species that now have their home in a
Salvadoran people producing coffee and
cereal as it is kayak and
purity has the mission to rescue and
care for animals in danger of extinction
offering them a nutrition program
balanced medical care and
dental and especially an environment
similar to its natural habitat for that
it's a foundation called foundation
Wild refuge is dedicated to the
conservation of animal species in
Danger of extinction
That's the reason flowers are
for those who want more adrenaline
purity has 16 canopy lines that you
allow you to live the adventure in heights
impressive with lengths up to
700 meters segmented by levels
of experience that visitors have
on the issue of development for
purity community also has a
mercadito for the sale of crafts and
products manufactured by the inhabitants
de jayaque what has also contributed
in the creation of jobs in the area
all our Salvadoran brothers who
they live in the us and they have planned
visit your country our vacation from
Holy week approaching I want
tell them that purity has the doors
open for you to receive them
with a big hug with a lot of love
I guarantee you that it will be a
unique experience to which they will live
here and they are going to take very nice
memories and one more reason why
feel proud of being Salvadorans
we wait for it
purity a place of protection for
animal species and for vegetation
with which the savior has the
vision of promoting the importance of
adequate preservation of the environment
so that the fauna develops in
optimal conditions and our country does not
lose the beauty that you have in your
mountains and in their fields
friends we hope you have
enjoyed this beautiful tour and
Believe it or not , everything you saw is
in el salvador and you have the
opportunity to enjoy it so
When you come to your country come to purity
remember to look at our
facebook on our youtube channel and
on our website continue with your
re-encounter program el salvador